<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
 xml:lang="en"
 
 prefix="
 bibo: http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/
 cc: http://creativecommons.org/ns#
 dcmitype: http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/
 dcterms: http://purl.org/dc/terms/
 foaf: http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/
 nm: http://nomisma.org/id/
 owl:  http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#
 rdfs: http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema# 
 rdfa: http://www.w3.org/ns/rdfa#
 rdf:  http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#
 skos: http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#
 "
 >
 
<head>
	<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
 <title>Current Practice in Linked Open Data for the Ancient World</title>
 <link rel="stylesheet" href="isaw-papers.css" />
 <script type="text/javascript" src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.7.2/jquery.min.js"/><script src="http://isawnyu.github.com/awld-js/lib/requirejs/require.min.js" type="text/javascript"/><script src="http://isawnyu.github.com/awld-js/awld.js?autoinit" type="text/javascript"/><script type="text/javascript">
  function show_id_links() {
if ($('.id_link').css('display') == "none")
$('.id_link').show();
else
$('.id_link').hide();
}

  function show_references() {
 $('.reference').css('border-bottom','thin dotted gray');
 
 }
   </script>
</head>
<body>
 
 <div id="front">
  <h1><span rel="dcterms:isPartOf" resource="http://isaw.nyu.edu/publications/isaw-papers">ISAW Papers</span> 7 (Forthcoming)</h1>
  <h1 property="dcterms:title">Current Practice in Linked Open Data for the Ancient World</h1>
  
  <h1>Editors: Thomas Elliott, Sebastian Heath, John Muccigrosso</h1>
  
  <div id="abstract"><em>Abstract:</em> Reports on current work relevant to the role of Linked Open Data (LOD) in the study of the ancient world. As a term, LOD encompasses approaches to the publication of digital resources that emphasize stability, relatively fine-grained access to intellectual content via public URIs, and re-usability as defined both by publication of machine reabable data and by publication under licenses that permit further copying of of available materials. This article presents a series of reports from participants in 2012 and 2013 sessions of the NEH-funded Linked Ancient World Data Institute. The contributors come from a wide range of academic disciplines and professional backgrounds. The projects they present reflect this range and also illustrate many stages of the process of moving from concept to implementation.</div>
  
  <div id="subjects"><em>Subjects:</em> <a rel="dcterms:subject" href="http://id.loc.gov/authorities/subjects/sh86001448">Humanities--Study and teaching</a>.</div>
  
  <div id="tableofcontents" class="noprint">
   <ul>
    <li><a href="#section1">Introduction</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Library LOD (Acheson)</a></li>
    <li><a href="perseus">Perseus (Almas)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Herculaneum Graffiti Project (Benefiel)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Homer Multitext (Blackwell)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Papyri.info (Cayless)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Coins (Gruber, Meadows)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Ur (Hafford)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Library LOD (Harper)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">ISAW Papers (Heath)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Ancient World Mapping Center (Horne)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Geo (Isaksen)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">AWOL (Jones)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Open Context (Kansa)</a></li>
    <li><a href="geolat"> Geolat: Geography for Latin Literature (Lana)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Ancient Wisdom (Lawrence)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">EAGLE (Liuzzo)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">BMCR (MacKay)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Byz Capp (McMichael)</a></li>
    <li><a href="meyers">Exploring an Opportunity to Link the Dead in Ancient Rome (Meyers)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Syriaca.org (Michelson)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Inscriptions of Israel/Palestine (Mylonas)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Berkeley Prosopography Services (Pearce)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">PAS (Pett)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Pompeii Bibliography and Mapping Resource (Poehler)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">It's about time (Rabinowitz)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Egypt (Razanajao)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">ASCSA Publications (Reinhard)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Citation (Romanello)</a></li>
    <li><a href="tsonev">Integrating Historical-Geographic Web-Resources (Tsonev)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Library LOD (Van Keer)</a></li>
    <li><a href="">Penn Museum (Williams)</a></li>
   </ul>
  </div>

 </div>

<div id="body">
 <div class="section" id="section1">
 <h2>Introduction</h2>
 </div>
</div>
<div id="body">
<section id="perseus"/>
<section id="geolat"/>
<section id="meyers"/>
<section id="pmbr"/>
<section id="tsonev"/>
</div>
<div id="back">
<div class="editorial_note"><i>ISAW Papers</i> (ISSN 2164-1471)  is a publication of the <a rel="dcterms:publisher" property="dcterms:publisher" href="http://isaw.nyu.edu">Institute for the Study of the Ancient World</a>, <a href="http://nyu.edu/">New York University</a>. This article was submitted for publication by Sebastian Heath as a member of the faculty.</div>

  <div class="copyright" style="margin-top:1em;text-align:center;color:gray">©2013 The Authors. Distributed under the terms of the <a rel="cc:license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" style="color:gray">Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported</a> license.</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
